you are seeing the superstars of the
wrestling like 2000 doubles and we're not
wrestling
we go back to double superstars
doubles and saturdays stellar meeting of the
afternoon meeting scheduled by the
universal championship in which madrid
he climbed as challenger before carlito
cool caribbean exactly guy wanted
face her and I was watching her
faces of people to carlito caribbean
cool corner water brown this my brother
otherwise
carlito caribbean had to face
greater illusion since the previous week
I had sent him a surprise fighter
that turned out to be the revolution and already
you know what happened
They dispatched with the big spoon but
believe me here the story is going to be
different are face to face in front of
front and so much carlito caribbean
multinational ortega in your corner like
majority and holds the king of the fight
free that corner and remembering that your
manga you know what a legend of the
wrestling
has handled the most fighters the best
of death more than a quarter of a liter
world - class but nothing when
have a new generation a man who
the three men he has brought to the
championship be the man to taste
mission thanks to his speeches and his
miramar sounds and taking games and
strengths of his anatomy of forcing to
carlito caribbean with its strong in
redder or you're not dealing
hits left and right by how much
corners on the tambourine and now
climbing on this account on average
demonstrates the face dagger and the little machine
hit the face of the carlist
the man
in the way of thinking
as the trajectory
why
this
as if she
we're
things take us out of an airplane
best
wrong
up to people
on the sport
hears
I hit revision in the middle of the chest
Carlito Caribbean Cool the environment
draw of the ravages of the meeting of
back and carlito caribbean cool that
those brands
of this fight but also of encounters
previous these two gentlemen carry
time facing each other and these more meshes
than trying to achieve maximum achievement
from the company but it's something
Clear staff decided tremendous
I find it quite even and
saw how these two gentlemen stick together and
about the ring obviously
for the universal championship where
I understand that he performed cristian together
to the unbeaten
money prestige many things for
medium in this meeting but you have to
look at water hand tell us I told you
look form of a slapping mighty boosh
while the referee is pending the
really small I do not know a type of
encounter here let's go I will give a
idea of ​​which I do not know if but let's see
we continue as with the hisense double w
if the municipal administration of
ringtone and his honorable mayor Carlos
lopez mori already present the super
live wrestling stars the
Sunday , March 15 at 5 in the afternoon
in the corner coliseum do not miss
education here pines caribbean cool the
power of greater his the illegal boy
girl not the revolution super us the
william de la vega mike mendoza
diabolic angel fashion peters de pacman
the lost sexual soul and others of his
favorite superstars
general admission 10 dollars children up
10 years 5 dollars
give you line youtube and official page in
facebook and follow us on
on twitter invites you
Y